[Music]
eleven optical illusions that will
reveal your personality Titan you might
be familiar with the type of optical
illusions that hide several images
within one but did you know that what
you first see in such an image can speak
volumes about your personality before
you get to know yourself on a whole new
level with the help of these optical
illusions be sure to hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bow to
join us on the bright side
number one what do you see first a frog
most people see a frog right away if
this is about you then you have a
straightforward personality you try to
be honest and direct with others no
matter what your perceived as confident
trustworthy and reliable there are no
hidden messages in your words which is
why people can trust your opinion and
advice a horse not so many people manage
to spot a horse from the get-go if you
still can't see it try tilting your head
to the left there you go what a beauty
right those whose attention is first
drawn to the horse are thoughtful
individuals if you're one of them you
have an analytical mind you don't take
things for what they seem to be you have
a critical approach to life and prefer
to read your own conclusions about a
situation number two what do you see
first three bears if the first thing
that caught your eye was three big gray
bears you have an analytical way of
thinking you prefer a logical and
stepwise approach to solving problems
you try to break an issue up into
separate parts this helps you understand
the main problem and solve it
efficiently mountains if you saw
mountains first and only then recognize
that they look like bears your style of
thinking is intuitive you often rely on
your gut feeling and it rarely lets you
down you use your experience to solve
problems fast and efficiently you can
notice common patterns in different
situations and they help you figure out
the necessary
Solutions number three
what did you see first two squirrels on
a tree branch in this picture most
people immediately notice a couple of
squirrels sitting on a tree branch these
are the types of individuals who can see
the big picture effortlessly if you're
one of them
your abilities help you correctly assess
situations at first sight and thus solve
subsequent problems efficiently a
woman's face
very few people manage to see a woman's
face at all let alone notice it at first
glance if you still can't find the face
tilt your head to the left one swirl
will turn into the woman's lips and the
other into her eye however if the face
was the first thing you saw in the
picture and Congrats you're a unique
individual without standing
observational skills this can help you
in both your work and your social
interactions with others number four
what did you see first a man with a pair
of binoculars you're a person who
prefers to concentrate on the big
picture if the first thing you spotted
in this image was a man holding a pair
of binoculars several glances are not
for you to collect all the information
you need that's why you aren't a big fan
of thorough analysis a car if you
instantly saw a car your co-workers and
friends must appreciate your ability to
notice fine details you like when
everything goes according to a detailed
plan at the same time you may
occasionally overanalyze things which
can prevent you from making quick
decisions the letter a are you one of
the very few who noticed the letter a
first of all if so then your strong
intuition is enviable on top of that
you're a person who always suggests
creative ideas and non-standard
solutions
number five what did you see first two
faces if the first thing you paid
attention to was a couple looking at
each other then you're a romantic at
heart you really value the people in
your life love and understanding mean a
lot to you not to mention you have a
positive and friendly personality you're
inborn reasoning abilities can calm down
even the most nervous or agitated people
a tree if your attention was instantly
drawn to a tree you're the type who
occasionally needs to be on their own
you love nature and solitude but don't
mind spending time with your loved ones
as well besides you're a tactful person
who avoids hurting others feelings by
all means number six what did you see
first a girl's face if you're one of
those who notice the face of a young
woman you're always aware of your
surroundings
what's more you see patterns around you
and this helps you draw the right
conclusions and make correct assessments
flowers if you saw only flowers in this
image you probably really love nature
you appreciate the world around you but
also manage to get away from the
everyday hustle and bustle when you need
to number seven what do you see first a
mouse if you spotted a mouse first
you're an optimist you prefer to look
for advantages in every situation you
sometimes might not be practical enough
and people often say that you have your
head in the clouds but in fact you're
well aware of the world around you
you simply prefer to concentrate on its
bright sides a cat if you saw a cat as
soon as you glanced at this picture
you're a realistic person you know what
you need from life and you don't naively
build castles in the air you see the
world as a whole and this helps you plan
your subsequent actions
number eight what do you see first a
woman looking out the window if you
notice the woman looking out the window
first you may tend to overlook dangers
you might even risk your life without
realizing it you're sometimes too
spontaneous and a bit naive that's why
you may often find yourself unprepared
for unpleasant consequences a skull was
it a skull that you first noticed if so
then you're a realist rather than an
idealist you probably come off as a bit
cynical to people who don't know you
well enough but your line of thinking is
simply that all good things may come to
an end one day number 9 what do you see
first a man playing the saxophone if the
first thing your eyes landed on was a
man playing the sax in your left brain
this means that your Forte's analytical
thinking you're also good at numbers and
languages your friends often ask you for
advice because your logic helps solve
any problem a woman's face if you first
notice the face of a woman you're a
right brained individual and since your
right hemisphere is more developed than
the left one your main trait is
creativity you use different forms of
art to express yourself besides you have
a high level of emotional intelligence
and your imagination helps you deal with
problems in an outside-of-the-box type
of way
number ten what do you see first a
squirrel if the first animal you saw was
a squirrel this means that the left side
of your brain is more developed again
this hemisphere is responsible for
logical and analytical thinking as well
as mathematical skills a duck if you
notice the duck the right hemisphere of
your brain is dominant this means that
you're really good and everything
connected with arts and creativity
number eleven what do you see first a
seal if you notice the seal in this
picture your attention to details is
astonishing your logic is sound and it
can help you out in any argument you
graded calculations and mathematics on
top of that your analytical abilities
help you master languages with these a
donkey you're a highly intuitive person
if the first thing you saw in this
picture was a donkey you value your
freedom and prefer to work without any
supervision
you often anticipate something that may
happen to you when you make plans you
consider all alternatives and opt for
the best one did you learn anything new
and unexpected about yourself tell us
about your results in the comments below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the right side of life
[Music]